come in
What about my establishment?
What did you do to us?
Why have we all lost our spiritual power?
Saying that you are short-sighted and don't believe it, you want to ask
You bunch of loose immortals
The frog at the bottom of the well doesn't even know God's Domain
What jade?
Shenshi field
Nan Fuqiang, you, you have cultivated to the realm of God's Stone
What is a divine stone?
Once the cemetery master opens the hell
Within a kilometer
Everyone will lose all precedent spells
Become a mortal
Wow, that's awesome.
No wonder they couldn't do anything just now
Isn't that what they are now?
Yes, I can understand you that way.
What do you want to do?